Hey
What are you hiding?
Nothing for me
Take it out
Hahahahaha
Oh, dear.
Just started work
Are you so serious?
Then I should praise you.
What are you hiding?
I was scared.
Ah!
Stinky lady
Don't give me a goddamn pitiful look
I won't eat if the dog eats you
I'll tell you what.
I'll give you this line of electric fried.
I have to be torn up, do you hear me?
I heard it louder I heard it
Do you want to piss off Sister Hong?
Uh it's alright it's alright
Keep working.
Ahhh
Tell you
No matter how selfish you are
Can't do business here
This is the end
Do you understand?
Forgive you or not, I won't dare again.
You get it. And
Put away your tricks
I have admired you the cutest
Otherwise your pretty face
Ah!
Go to hell, Hong
back-and-forth
I understand what it means to send the beacon fire out of the kiln.
Then I will continue the class tomorrow.
Are you all right?
It's okay, it's almost numb